h2. Summary

*Description:*
The goal is to develop an internal collaboration application for Roskilde Festival projects division, where coordinators can report power usage and administrators can extract information on a per project basis.
The production deployment of the system is currently live at http://el.konscript.com

*Technical Setup:*
Built on the CakePHP framework, with authentication and access control lists enabled among other features. Developed with the help of jQuery and standard compliant xHTML + CSS – pretty much :)

*Team:*
Søren Louv-Jansen and Lasse Boisen Andersen are the main developers and Nicolai Johansen is the project coordinator from Roskilde Festival.

h2. For the nerdy

*Setup:*
Built on the CakePHP framework, with authentication and access control lists enabled among other features. Developed with the help of jQuery and standard compliant xHTML + CSS – pretty much :)

*Requirements:*
Preferably PHP5 and MySQL on an Apache server with mod_rewrite enabled (more on http://book.cakephp.org/view/28/Requirements).

*Installation:*
1. Download/fork/fetch the full repository from GitHub
2. Create a MySQL database from scheme: app/config/schema/roskilde-el_structure-only.sql
3. Change configuration settings in app/config/database.php and app/config/core.php (if needed)
4. Run: http://site.com/setup/aco_build_controlleractions (to build the aco structure based on controllers/actions)
5. Run: http://site.com/setup/permissions_assign_controlleractions (to build the permissions aros_acos for ACL)
6. Login with the predifined admin user: la@laander.com + admin
7. Create users first, then sections, groups and projects. We need users in the system first to choose from when creating items

h2. Current features (briefly)

* Create, update and delete projects, items and item templates.
* Manage users, groups, sections across the app with role-based permissions.
* Robust authentication and access control
* Attach items to projects (custom or template based) and automatically sum the total power usage for the project.
* E-mails to users are SMTP powered with support for layouts and content templates.
* Export a project with corresponding data as Excel based on a predefined template
* Image upload to a project with thumbnail generation
* Custom UI design and layout
* & alot more!